Add note in release notes for Volto 17 final (#5281)
plone/volto: CHANGELOG.md

## 17.0.0 (2023-09-30)

> **This is a Release Notes summary of all the changes happened during the alpha stage of Volto 17.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**These Release Notes summarize all the changes during the alpha stage of Volto 17.**
```

### Feature

> - Add control panel for relations @ksuess

Reviewer 2: You could add a link to https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/3382

> - Add control panel for relations @ksuess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a control panel for relations. @ksuess [#3382](https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/3382)
```
